---
title: Continuous Integration
---

# Continuous Integration
Continuous integration is the best place to invoke Best. It is recommended to run your CI and Best on all commits into `master` and all pull requests (PR) so you have visibility into the performance profile of your code whenever it changes.

## Pull Requests
It is recommended to run Best in these ways on every new PR:

1. `best` Run your benchmarks on your current code to measure its performance.
2. `best --compareStats` Run Best in comparison mode with the current code compared against the target branch.

By running Best a second time in comparison mode it generates a comparison table which can be shown on the pull request using the [GitHub Integration](/guide/github-integration).

When you run Best in comparison mode you ensure the same environment is used for the two executions. This reduces inconsistencies caused by extraneous variables.

## Commits to `master`
When you run your CI after a new commit to `master` it is recommended to run Best again so the results are stored and visible on [the Frontend](/guide/frontend). This allows you to see a graph of your code's performance over time with each change in `master`.

There is no need to run Best in comparison mode because you are not comparing against a separate branch.

## Example in CircleCI
To see an example look at Best's own CircleCI [`config.yml`](https://github.com/salesforce/best/blob/master/.circleci/config.yml). Look at the `perf_and_compare` job to see Best is used to benchmark Best. The relevant commands are copied below.

```yml
- run:
    name: Run BEST Benchmarks
    command: yarn perf
- run:
    name: Compare BEST Benchmarks
    command: yarn perf --compareStats ${BASE_COMMIT} ${TARGET_COMMIT} --gitIntegration
```

The Yarn command `perf` is essentially an alias to the Best CLI. Best is first run to benchmark the code of the new Pull Request. Then `best --compareStats` is run with a base commit from `master` and a target commit from the PR. The `--gitIntegration` flag causes Best to post the results on the pull request on Github.

::: tip
It is **highly** recommended to use a remote runner for your benchmarks to guarantee reproducible results. Check out the guide on [running remotely](/guide/running-remotely) to see how this is setup.
:::

## External Storage
When running Best in your CI workflow is it recommended to use an external storage provider for the artifacts generated by Best. This avoids rebuilding the benchmark results to run the comparison. Best supports storing the artifacts on AWS.

To enable this pass the `--externalStorage` flag:
```sh
best --compareStats ${BASE_COMMIT} ${TARGET_COMMIT} --externalStorage=@best/store-aws
```

You must also set the `AWS_BUCKET_NAME` environment variable so Best knows where to find your artifacts. The bucket must be publicly accessible so that Best can read and write into it.

::: important
This is necessary if you want to use a [remote runner](/guide/running-remotely) to run your benchmarks.
:::
